.\" Copyright (C) 2026 Lenik
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
.\" under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation.
.TH THEMESTYLEBROWSER 1 "2026-03-18" "themestylebrowser 1.0.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
themestylebrowser \- browse theme/style icon libraries
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B themestylebrowser
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
[\fIlibrarydir\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B themestylebrowser
(tsb) is a graphical browser for icon libraries organized by theme/style and
package. The library root directory must contain a
.I \.themestyles
file that lists theme/style paths (e.g. flex/regular, pixel). Under each
theme/style directory, package directories (e.g. computer, travel) contain
image files.
.PP
The UI shows a package tree on the left (with file and item counts per node)
and a file list on the right with columns for each themestyle. You can sort by
name, count, or size from the View menu; open image or item property dialogs
(double-click); and copy paths or code snippets from the dialogs.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fIlibrarydir\fR
Optional path to the library root (directory containing \.themestyles). If
omitted, use File \fB\->\fR Open library to choose a directory.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I \.themestyles
In the library root. One theme/style per line (e.g. flex/regular, pixel).
Lines starting with # and blank lines are ignored.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wx (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Lenik
.SH LICENSE
AGPL-3.0-or-later (with Anti-AI restriction: no use for training/fine-tuning/evaluating ML or AI systems).
